Hello. My name is Arthur. I am 24 years old. I am a young professional. I am involved in website development, content creation, editing, and sales. I work with WordPress and pure HTML, CSS, and JS. For editing, I use CapCut and After Effects. For content creation, information search, parsing, and many other tasks, I use AI tools such as ChatGPT, DeepSeek, Gemini, Leonardo AI, Kling, and Runway. I want to develop my skills in marketing and content creation. I am ready to work and grow.
My works:
https://youngarchi.github.io/warmfloor/

https://wooddreamshop.42web.io/
https://kingaskar.free.nf/
https://youngarchi.github.io/landingpage/


My texts:
1.

Our Story 
HebHomes is a dynamic and fast-growing company that has taken its passion for our architectural heritage and great design to create unique modern living spaces at affordable prices for customers throughout the UK , Ireland and further abroad. With hundreds of houses already built and many more in the pipeline we are a company with an established track record you can trust. 
We have our origins in the architecture practice Dualchas, founded by twin brothers Neil and Alasdair Stephen on the Hebridean Isle of Skye. The simple idea was to make the best architect-designed Dualchas house designs available as off the peg kits to as many people as possible. Over the last two decades we have developed these designs with the latest eco friendly construction materials to enhance and expand our HebHome offering. We have also built a network of trusted partners and suppliers as our team has grown across offices in Glasgow and the Isle of Skye. 
Our designs have won many awards and are recognised as having influenced and greatly improved the quality of buildings in rural Scotland and beyond: designs from both Dualchas and HebHomes have been showcased at the V&A design museum in Dundee. Interest in our designs is now global with our first house constructed in the United States. 
Customers first 
We realise that you are not just buying a kit house, but building your dream home for the future. To make this process as effortless as possible, we will provide you with all the information, guidance and expertise to select and build a home that meets all your requirements. You will be guided through every stage with your own project manager, with a commitment to professionalism, integrity and design excellence. 
We always respond to what our customers tell us. It means that we refine and expand our designs to match your needs. While Hebhomes provide over 40 standard designs to choose from, we can amend and tweak your chosen design to meet the demands of your site and brief. 

2.
Econstruct is a modern, versatile building system (also known as the SCIP system), perfectly suited for the construction, renovation, and restoration of buildings of all types. Designed on the principle of modular composability, it enables the realization of the most ambitious architectural ideas while saving time, money, and usable space.The technology behind Econstruct was developed in Italy by the company Emmedue (M2) over 40 years ago. Today, 73 similar plants operate in 34 countries around the world, successfully functioning in various climate zones — including harsh weather conditions and seismically active regions such as the Arctic, South America, and Oceania.
At the core of the system is an expanded polystyrene panel reinforced with electro-welded galvanized steel mesh, finished with two layers of concrete. This structure gives the system exceptional versatility and remarkable design flexibility, allowing for the creation of all the necessary components required to construct a complete building.
